feat: initial implementation (#1)
vasco-santos/set-delayed-interval: README.md

# set-delayed-interval

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vasco-santos/set-delayed-interval.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/vasco-santos/set-delayed-interval)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/vasco-santos/set-delayed-interval/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/vasco-santos/set-delayed-interval)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

> An asynchronous setInterval that is properly delayed using promises and can be delayed on boot

## Motivation

The native implementation of `setInterval` expects synchronous functions to be executed. When asynchronous functions are provided, some unexpected behaviors might appear. This module mimics the `setInterval` native functionality with support for promises in a way that the interval timer is delayed by the execution of that promise. This results in equal stop times for each run, as soon as the promise is resolved.

> For some scenarios, it is important to add a boot delay before running a recurrent task. This module also supports a custom first delay before the interval start. The `clearDelayedInterval` can stop both the initial delay and the interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some scenarios, it is useful to add a start delay before running a recurrent task. This module also supports a custom delay before the interval starts. The `clearDelayedInterval` can stop both the initial delay and the interval.
```
